good morning everybody out there in
internet land was maybe afternoon middle
of the night in case welcome to the ipfs
documentation and developer UX working
group this is our weekly meeting today
as Monday the 21st of October 2018 you
can follow along in the notes or get
more information about what we are doing
in our github repo all the info is in
the readme and that is github.com /iq FS
/ Docs I am Jessica your official
unofficial host for the week and we have
today our before he's even started which
is awesome I've heard new technical
content strategist John Matthews from
are you in Toronto right now are ya
yeah I'm currently in Toronto and the
Aon offices so I've just kind of like
potala room the next half an hour but
yeah it's currently in Toronto is
getting cold
so winter's coming which is lovely
welcome for your benefit and for the
benefit of anybody else who may be
dropping in on this meeting basically
what we do in in these Monday check-ins
is run down all of our ok bars and
comment on their Show and Tell things is
there cyclical this is this is our main
public check-in so has any questions
started docks
you know launch Chris I left you there
on the highlighting but you want to hear
I'll talk about the other two points if
you want to type frantically for a
moment or I could fill in a notes
afterwards I'm gonna actively list let's
just roll through but yeah I'd say last
week we made some good progress on I
would say more on the semantic
structuring and making sure that we all
on the same page with how we're going to
lay things out so a lot of effort is put
into the content structure and the
individual pages and Jessica booted up a
view press dock app which is essentially
just
visualize what we are how we have a
building at me beside nerve um so that's
allowed us to to get ahead with some
prototyping on individual areas that
we're going to segment out so we've got
a workflow a document that we've been
using as the main content site nerve and
now we're breaking it down into
individual subsections that will
essentially form the top tier navigation
so we have a prototype build that we're
using as the that sort of eight the
working example for the layout and
structure and then I'm constructing and
finalizing some of the the actual build
that will be used as the main proof of
concept so I would say this week is the
main aim it's basically merged those two
forces together and then combined so
that we've got the opportunity to
migrate some of the content across and
that combined with the the setup of the
CLI and all the pointman then we'll
essentially have our first prototype
level out public we we also had some
conversations around the what what our
aims are in terms of a roadmap for
initial release of this so we were
aiming quite aggressively towards lab
week to actually have a full version of
this live and ready to play with lab
week for anyone externally was watching
it's essentially a internal summit frog
for a frog lab so we're all getting
together then so we'll have a lot of our
and staff on the ground that we can all
actually work on work with and play with
the product and interface face to face
and so that will be a good opportunity
for us to do initial user testing and
feedback with everybody and yeah in
person and so that's the main aim we've
got a an issue I'll link to it in a duct
but we've got a milestone basically
which is breaking out all the individual
tasks that were required to complete
before that date so that'll be their
kasich watch while we go through those
and then we go back to the box yes okay
I think that's everything for this week
thank you very much for filling in the
notes there as I've been rambling away
yeah I'll pass it over to you quick
question I will I'll hit the ground
running as far as I can with at least
sort of migrating from the menu stuff
over as soon as ends sitting in a in a
repo that is ideally public but
definitely something that this core team
has access to that Express and it's very
soon yeah I don't afford date on it
exactly but yet well let's make sure
that we've got something that we can
both work towards I wanna I wanna make
sure it's ready this week so we can
actually start migrating the content
because otherwise we'll will duplicate
effort and that's it's not an ideal
situation so yeah
I'm fragmenting by trying out it's two
different themes there's a way it is an
approach to essentially extend it a base
theme that we can I don't want to have
to fork the individual seems that we end
up having to maintain it ourselves
ideally if I can extend the base theme
and work upon that then we'll have some
better options for updating and and that
requires like two different structures
to set out and so I don't want to break
in the meantime um yeah any other
questions do you want to sure we tweaked
it we we threw that in front of people
as well as the other smattering of stuff
that we have him look at uh the other
day mostly the information architecture
business navigation structure and I can
share my screen show how it looks now
you're gonna find it in the tabby jungle
don't want to pre share I just yeah
Lord this way wait we can watch sure
that time when I pull it so we get to
the user testing part here you keep
doing your tabs I keep moving hope you
got it yep so fun little consolation
prize for people who are disappointed by
not finding the content that they
expected illustration of someone
frantically working on the content as
and in a little status bar we've gone
over this before but we moved the we
move these buttons up to try and get
feedback on how important people feel
the contact is and we can hopefully
strategize you know prioritize based on
what people click oh this is extremely
important everyone really wants this so
let's bump that up in the priority I
need some just some simple tweaks to
copy you know help us write this you
know just really call to action oriented
right from the get-go
Linda's hand on github very friendly
hopefully we have someone who is quite
quite good at the the words from what I
hear now soon to be and now in our myths
but soon to be officially in our heads
so we are not yet pushing this live and
of course feel free to John to a
feedback on issue yeah yeah cool is this
like a landing page for documents that
haven't yet been completed then his
other purpose oh then yeah yeah exercise
now structure for the Vita site and as
we did that we built-in affordances for
a bunch of content it doesn't exist yet
so that we could test on your getting
that long existing content into the NAM
so what that does mean is the other BTSA
there's gonna be a handful pages that
just say nothing here yet so we just
want to
we wanted a go-to elegant solution for
that right off the bat but then also
something that we give us an affordance
to to even like gauge interests if we
that even gives us the chance of women
to be super Sneaky and any new topics
and you see who clicks on them do so
yeah well yeah I know like I said it's a
really cool idea especially like the
states as far as well.there shows like
how it's progressing on get opens up
that was really cool yeah a way to make
that automatic since we're dealing in
the in the initial video migration of
like dozen pieces of content we decided
that we would just do by hand it wasn't
worth the effort um but if we end up
using this a lot we might want to come
up with a better solution of course the
most elegant solution is that this base
doesn't exist because there's no
important Chris I said if you write all
the documentation at Lightspeed then we
will never need justice but yeah we're
actually trying to give you a helping
hand as well by just gonna slide in to
our metric story so we're gonna have
some tracking on there to say like oh I
am interested in it so basically on some
passive voting so whilst we better do a
poll each week and see what pieces of
content the most people are looking for
so give us at least a rough
prioritization list and so it should it
should help us with that - anyway I move
that into blocked you know and it
occurred to me that we're gonna be in
this sort of weird space for like the
next month or so where I'm like moving a
ton of issues into chvotkin and ideally
we're all moving issues in the box
because we're doing a little bit of our
management and that's just because we're
not ready to build them out yet and I
know block looks awfully negative but
it's also truthful in this case so take
that block designation with a little bit
of salt but also just a good idea - do
you know where dependencies lie and that
brings us to another thing we're not
gonna be moving all that much on in the
super new future is um next
um the next okay our which is legacy
Docs deprecation plan yeah we're all
taking this on this I know we're all
taking them to this we're not really
accumulating anything so far we'll be
adding them as we go not a lot of
progress on that as expected
third on them definition and collection
for bida site as Chris said we're sort
of holding off on this until John like
you get in sort of settled in and get a
little bit more of the lay in the land
and as we start to build things
recurring I don't know did your hand
just gestured no it's just me just
recurring item Vita site is this helpful
feedback mechanism visuals for this are
done in 305 and again that's one of
those things that that's blocked and
spilled in 306 until the video takes a
little bit further along and we're ready
to actually build that in there I also
pushed a PR on Fridays 356 it takes two
things out of this and puts it in the
legacy site that moves that and again
hub link up for the feedback buttons
like we talked about and then also in
that text links adds another like that
says open an issue and that populates an
automatic issue in the docs repo with
the page title and the subject of the
issue and they just saw your notes about
taking a screenshot of that it could be
really snarky and I could you just like
put the site I've got your local but
I'll take a screenshot for you right
we should that mostly that's because I
would love that to be just to habit it
it's way faster for reviews that and it
doesn't require the community to also
install and thirdly my local machines
sorry I'll show you one sneaky trick
whereas if you expand the metadata at
the bottom you'll be able to view the
site live in real time and yeah they
said let me show you very quickly
secretary
was gonna say - I think no it's not it's
just the thing I know exists on some of
our things yeah yeah so we've got to see
either github actions baked into into
this so essentially you expand this area
and the reviewers and then you go to the
ipfs reply added and then you can you
can view that as it would be New York
essentially so allows you to the preview
and test it out if you wish no that's
that's the answer
the thing I was gonna mention is
different just that I saw a version of
this that I liked recently which is I
was on the way I liked just the addition
of this like adding something to edit
this page on github like karma sake want
to contribute
I enjoyed that little bonus only site
that I saw no that's a good way of
wording that do you mind taking a
screenshot of that and throwing it is
not sure in 3:06 sure thank you
cool and then I might I might revise
that PR but um area cuz that is Chris's
one weird trick enough that I that I can
bypass screaming for now sure I'll do
the screenshot it is nice for a food
like archiving purposes if people just
want to stumble across a because those
branches won't live unnecessary for us
that's true alright usability testing
this was actually incredibly helpful we
weren't really sure what we were getting
ourselves into and it turned out to be
pretty fantastic I can go into details
um don't you go for it because I'm
parallel processing so we were we were
in Boulder Colorado for a full day of
testing and local co-working space in
exchange for coffee and swag
and and it was very very adamant testing
if you click on the link to the github
issue in the in the meeting notes and
that I'll give you all of the
information that you need including
recommendations but it was wonderful
because it was sort of one of these
things where we had no idea who we're
gonna get in this conversation because
um this was the day part of an evening
event that was like I passed a six-night
so there were people at all different
areas of expertise um Colorado has been
like informally called krypter Otto for
like the last year or so so we had a
whole lot of people who were like super
into cryptocurrencies so who had a lot
of interesting interesting knowledge but
not necessarily uh IPS related knowledge
but a lot of a lot of background info so
that was really interesting to sort of
get their feedback um we also had
somebody who was doing an archival
project um for an unusual organization
that had some pretty specific needs so
we got to flitetest the archivist for
some on her and it turned out that
actually yeah that like even better than
we thought archivist was one of the sort
of less research months because I face
this all on and knowledge I got from
DPLA Fest in Chicago in April it turned
out to check out really well which is
pretty sweet
um also we really really helped us
pinned down the now structure in the
that's in that sort of like like fake
repo Thank You pres Rico that I made and
referenced above um it it feels like you
know Eric's does a couple of review it's
a few months to make but but it sounds
like we're at a point where we can throw
this out in front of people without too
much worry and then sort of lump that
into the umbrella of lunch testing and
then also was discussed earlier a lot of
really good feedback on the nothing to
see here page which enabled us to sort
of finish that up which is great um
moving on recurring items features
voting I had a long discussion with the
the folks at canny over the last week or
so and they were kind enough to give us
a free account for open source nature of
our work which is super sweet you should
all have admin invites um if you don't
and that feels wrong hit me if I get
home and I'll send you a link to do so
um John I'm gonna hold off on you for
that until you other protocol you know
just because it's easier that way um
there's a link to the public facing
voting page Doc's
- features
so it's more or less done I took all the
features from our prioritized features
list them threw them in there as items
aside from the ones that like we knew
takes the next steps on that is I would
my request to all of you all is sometime
in the next day or two
look at that public facing zoning page
that's like two in the notes make sure
that those items make sense to you that
they're correct and then we need to
figure out the best way to socialize and
ship this I think an item in the you
know obviously this an item in the
weekly newsletter probably some social
media and then on the front page of the
Ducks repo on the readme and then also
on the legacy site yet we want to
incorporate that you know lunch yeah I
feel like it burns more in parallel just
not to confuse people between the
Association a bit so but there are ways
we can use the API as well to basically
embed that and this nicer into the
actual display so well you know we'll
see well I think we'll try at first by
linking people linking it to people and
then yeah if we get get the usage we
want and if you back then we can go be
with inspirations OneNote that might we
can look at this after but it says on
the mine admin dashboard this only a
trial until the first note yes it's just
name yeah yeah they're like you should
have a free button everyone likes free
button this is a priority to item it may
not happen John if you get super super
like even to this idea it might be
something you might be interested in
working with but it's it's basically an
old pending like after the lab week
because he's got a bolo design asks for
that and other things
content improvement user driven or
legacy
John prettier background we had split
the SAP into two buckets content
improvements that are suggested by users
directly and then things that we
inherited from some very old repos some
door memory those that are on their
backlog so we separated that those out
the two buckets they're tagged ins and
hub accordingly and we're saying get hub
accordingly and I can walk you through
that later of user driven issues eight
of them are in the soon column we did
push to in to review since last week and
then Terry you and I are talking about
clarifying the community section the
dock state navigation I saw that you
just I just got a ping but I didn't read
what you said so we'll keep talking I
just I just merged my temporary thing
it's funny that I stumbled across that
completely by accident and I was
actually really surprised to find myself
in the dock site when looking for that
it would be on the website yeah cool all
right um the legacy issues 24 of them
are in the icebox 16 of them were in
soon that has not changed since last
week the blockers on that are just that
you turn user testing and working in the
be decide all week it's bandwidth
limitation and hopefully yeah I'm
nagging myself as much as anyone yeah
Jerry um sorry I just wanted to say as I
was in there looking for the community
information I think something that I
find confusing about the dock site is
that I envisioned what's on the left as
like us like this structure that I will
then find in the content I'm reading on
the right and it's not at all that and I
find like I find that relationship
confusing like if I'm in a header of a
some section here I would expect the
next subhead that I see here to be over
here as the next thing so I just like
the layout of that is very good to me
yeah right now and it came out in the
community thing it was like there's
content that only exists over here on
this side
because it's links so that's definitely
a structural thing that is confusing to
me personal is where it's in the list of
things to work on that is being
super-heavy address than that dog
snacking issue he spun a lot on Friday
about something we've got several depths
of levels in the knob and just trying to
[Music]
so hopefully this will be much improved
improved and thank you for volunteering
[Laughter]
you totally you totally know you record
what some of the stuff that we heard on
Wednesday too so sweet it's good we're
on the same page mercury I am content
closer reading John this is like your
big onboarding cast that you can get to
know the docs well this is still like
providing some value cool you're already
looking at this a little bit but we'll
talk about it when you join which is
cool um pretty cool stuff Terry yeah I
feel like Jill is the one accomplishing
anything right now I feel like I'm being
pulled in a million directions it's not
doing as much on set topics that we've
attached to this seems work but Jill do
you want to talk at all about your your
PR oh no worries did you want to tell us
about your PR sure so as as with last
week I'm still going through runs of
feedback we asked more feedback now and
Helen show also gave us a few clues as
well as the V what to writes on some
specific sessions which we didn't know
exactly how to put things in the in the
content part so yeah it's still a work
in progress so far but I think we can
still we can start to see the light at
the end of time yeah we're getting there
we're getting there it's so this for you
when you missed the context this is a
new protocol tutorial on the regular
miles API I'm very unclear even on what
to call it
and need like a decision I think from
Alan on that but the thing that is not
MF s that it's used to add in cat and
get files so there's also a thread going
in I think it's in in slack about the
like tips if anybody has resources for
us to add to the resources page other
educational materials or especially
things on like what when would you use
this over m FS when would you use this
over dag I think that Jill and I
together did a reasonable job getting at
the basics of that and there people have
added a little bit more color and that
thread and are doing so in the issue so
I went through and copy edited lessons
one two three on Friday and hopefully
we'll get to four today and then Jill
you let me know when the rest of the
stuff that you were reworking you feel
like it's ready for that level of
attention and I can do that then so
someday when I have time so this will be
I mean I think we've probably with
various forms of proof you probably
still have a few days a week whatever
but um but we're definitely getting
close it's really cool sorry one total
side note um for anyone who occasionally
pops onto the proto school call that was
weekly that's now monthly as a
time-saving device and responsive to the
level of participation that we have
they're trying to cut back and such as I
can on some of the admin stuff and we
also have some community community
focused task like resources to help
chapter leaders Molly was kind enough to
put together like a intro to ipfs um
slide deck which I will take a look at
soon Molly I haven't gotten to that yet
and there's an open issue and our
organizing repo if there are other
people who would like to be creating
resources for chapter leaders
specifically there are some open
requests they're awesome we are running
low on time anybody else with anything
outstanding Molly I see you you you've
been sitting in on the meeting view how
many feedback or anything
you need to set up really um
just back from Asia finally and trying
to catch up on all the things so I
watched last week's meeting and don't
have any any major items I think the one
thing is I did loop Chris in with a an
email conversation with some folks from
the etherium gorg website who are also
using view press for their documentation
and an other website and would like to
put it on my PFS so if we can get you
press sites automatically deployed ipfs
that's something that will be usable
across other things in the ecosystem and
you know one stone two birds sort of
yeah we had a quick chat about that just
sort of you know last week thank you for
bringing that yeah some work has already
began on that and all he's written a
relative ization script that I might be
able to inherit and use a spark plug in
and we've got it visually working but
the Java scripts migrating all the
relative paths in the Jas is another at
least entirely so if that will be
tackled later on but yeah I'm
comfortable better that's awesome
thank you thanks for that big as well to
become in fact that I believe a lot of
us actually have a meeting that we're
going to like right now I will wrap this
up thank you everybody
John it was awesome to see you thank you
for taking the time nice to meet you all
friends I think